Add check-latest flag (#141)
actions/setup-java: docs/advanced-usage.md

      env:
        GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
```

## Hosted Tool Cache

> GitHub Hosted Runners have a tools cache that comes with some Java versions installed. This tools cache helps speed up runs and tool setup by not requiring any new downloads. There is an environment variable called `RUNNER_TOOL_CACHE` on each runner that describes the location of this tools cache and there is where you will find Java installed. `setup-java` works by taking a specific version of Java in this tools cache and adding it to PATH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Hosted Runners have a tool cache that comes with some Java versions pre-installed. This tools cache helps speed up runs and tool setup by not requiring any new downloads. There is an environment variable called `RUNNER_TOOL_CACHE` on each runner that describes the location of this tools cache and this is where you can find the pre-installed versions of Java. `setup-java` works by taking a specific version of Java in this tool cache and adding it to PATH if the version, architecture and distribution match. 
```

Currently, LTS versions of Adopt OpenJDK (`adopt`) are cached on the GitHub Hosted Runners.

> The tools cache gets updated on weekly basis. For information regarding locally cached versions of Java on GitHub hosted runners, check out [GitHub Actions Virtual Environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tools cache gets updated on a weekly basis. For information regarding locally cached versions of Java on GitHub hosted runners, check out [GitHub Actions Virtual Environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments).  
```
